Dear friends from february will take place in
my school for all those already
very neat with the sewing machine
You can bypass a brand new course instead
Every woman knows that for sure
next weekend is coming
and it has to be a new one very quickly
rocker you'll be surprised how
fast and uncomplicated one from one
Nice fabric to make a great skirt
can
and now off to the fabric dealer
so here we are in addressing the
We really get grindelhousing skyscrapers
everything we need for our rock
and here we get ours now
fabric in this huge selection
Zips always the right one
Egan color and all the beautiful fabrics
here is now my booty and with the
I'm going to the very fast now
workshop back and back in the
Once workshop I want the material
first off so he at the
Processing can not continue to shrink
I'll show you the work steps today
for a rock with so-called
Reasoned ground this rock the
that is without Munich and that
is the fastest off lined skirt
I know and here we go
we cut the demands substance
Break to and the back skirt in the
rear center with almost gave it
we'll have the zipper there later
Now we can fix that
top of the skirt with a circa
six-inch-wide strip strap
insert lay the cut again and
the position of the defense then draw with
chalk on
With the machine I sew now the
Tear slightly roundish the body shape
following and tapering towards the end
When ironing I make sure that the
defensive back center show
only through the customers the upper
confessed her finished curves and me
Now use my rock parts as a part
cut to trim the slip
now that we have the documents with us
Ironing insert fixed and the feeding trough
All parts have been cut
tried with the edge machine
Now we are with all the preparations
finished and can start with it
I put this rock together
first pay the coverings to the rock
firmly
nee you first with the sewing machine on
then flatten it
Finally, the
rear skirt middle to the
zipper approach and then close the
zipper 1
here we see the rock behind
the inserted zipper and the
infected document to the documents
I now put the feed and
steppe is then on with the sewing machine
and now we only have two parts left
we lie to each other before us
you have to connect the back rock with
slip and lining and the front skirt with
cheap and feed and that is that
real clou of this rock we
Namely now can sew the pages in
a slip we stuck here
carefully stitch the pieces together
Then they iron and then almost
diverge
then we iron the hem immediately
and on the upper rock knew the slip
flat for the last time on the sewing machine
We sew now be the fodder
and now comes the cozy part
We fix this with a river stitch
lining on the zipper and too good
Finally, the skirtaum is attached
I have a very nice time now
crafted skirt and i made
I hope you also soon in my courses
to welcome